because of the painful decisions that
the Federal Reserve have decided to put
through that makes your life much more
difficult and we have seen this
Everywhere You are not alone you came
here for the truth so let me unveil that
for you in today's video we are going to
talk about what people are experiencing
and of course not just what they're
experiencing but what can we do about
this I like to cover this a lot a lot of
people don't make it to the end of the
videos because of the low attention
Spence but of course we will discuss
that here today I want to look at where
people are moving out of you got to
understand this it's always happening
but now more people are moving than ever
before because they are in search of
greener pastures there's an important
factor here when I look in Canada people
are leaving when I look in the US people
are leaving when I look at Europe people
are leaving it's like where are they
going exactly well a lot of the
migration happens internally so they
leave the big cities they go to the
smaller towns they leave in the US one
state they go to another I'll show you
some examples there are other places
that are generally seeing people moving
into it um but a lot of times the
migration is internal I want to show you
this Americans continue to name
inflation as a top financial problem
personal finance Financial ratings
remain subdued you're seeing this as
well many Americans have come to feel
that the middle class lifestyle is Out
Of Reach I didn't say you're going to be
the next you know Forbes billionaire I
didn't say that I said the middle class
lifestyle blame inflation for bringing
down the mood and making the economy
seem much worse than it is money experts
say people feeling downbeat can create a
financial plan that's right that's going
to alleviate the stress this is talking
about a guy who's making
$130,000 a year but when you're young
you just get into the game maybe you got
student debt you've you know haven't
saved up for a house you just got out of
school you're never going to buy a house
do you see what's happening
here I felt like I if I can make six
figures I would have a nice life I can
save up to down payment and then he
can't do it it's not happening bigger
ticket items that our parents could have
bought like a home or a car that is just
to Me Out Of
Reach yeah okay he acknowledged that his
budget could go further in a city with
lower cost of living that's the case
right if you go somewhere else then your
pay might decline significantly as well
these things are relative today this
system is broken not by accident but on
purpose if you wanted to control a
population what would you do would you
create deflation so that everybody could
be better off after a period of time
would you do that or would you create
inflation to hurt people people at the
maximum level you see that's what
divides groups of people is inflation
the longer you keep that Inferno burning
the more inflation that you will um the
more damage you will be able to get done
and that's what they're doing not
deflation my goodness every so-called
you know these these Financial YouTubers
they tell you that oh they want to
create a deflation because of this and
that look they do the the richest of the
rich people they do take advantage of
deflations they've got money they've got
the capital you know what I'll buy this
I'll buy that sure they pick up stuff
for pennies on a dollar that's a fact
but they are also getting rich during
the periods of inflation simply by
holding waiting and seeing and they do
so in generally El liquid markets
eLiquid not liquid markets something
that I talked about recently and you
could see here I'll show you this
Interactive map population map reveals
states that are growing and shrinking
the quickest okay so you'll look at this
for yourself it's not going to surprise
you probably but here it is looking at
this so the blue the darker the blue
that's the more decreasing and then the
darker the red that's increasing and so
we can look at this uh California New
York those are two obvious examples
where the population has been declining
where people have been leaving and then
you look at places like Florida which is
seen a
3.3% increase Texas as well Arizona's on
the list and uh we have Believe It or
Not Idaho
5.4% and generally what has happened you
know you can kind of see when it's
broken down by Metro Area I've shown
that map not that long ago within the
last month it was actually really
telling that generally people are moving
away from the coasts and moving more
inward it's more affordable hey in a
2hour flight or a 1H hour flight I can
get back to see my family and so on
that's what a lot of people have decided
to do um but of course it doesn't just
work like that a lot of these companies
are saying you better come back to work
um we're not doing that whole work from
home thing or we're doing hybrid Model A
lot of companies are doing that okay so
it's what you expect there's different
reasons for it of course not just one
reason but for the purposes of this
video we're talking about the fact that
people can't keep up and like yeah you
can move to a cheaper area and upset the
people that you just you know the area
you just moved into but um that you know
if you need a job locally a lot of times
it's just not paying it's just not
paying that's a problem retailers shake
up the self checkouts to curb in
irritation and theft so what's happening
here with this is oh you want to make
minimum wage that minimum wage keeps
increasing in well we can't afford to
pay you that minimum wage we're going to
lay those cashiers off and we're going
to put self checkouts in the way I was
just at um a grocery store at the self
checkout the people next to me there was
a couple next to me and they were they
were clearly uh they were scanning like
way too much stuff at the self checkout
I think self checkout is good if you got
like one or two items just go scan it
you keep moving uh but when you're doing
like your entire groceries which they
were trying to do I could just hear the
frustration in the guy's voice and he
was not happy about it okay that's
what's going on and at the same time
there's there's theft so this is what's
happening all around there's kind of a
backlash against the self checkout
they're not going to get rid of it I
think entirely I just believe that they
went way too far into it in many cases
it should be used for those one two
items quick check out and you're out of
there uh but here we have it it's going
to be a work in progress but we know
what what's happening they are trying to
have less human capital human labor I
should say growing number of Canadians
are moving abroad due to lack of
affordability that's it okay the study
found that the number of Canadians
living abroad relative to the national
population was five times higher than
the US so what happens here is people
move to Canada they get their permanent
residence and they say see you later
that's all why because the prospects are
probably going to be much better in the
United States and if there are any
Canadians listen to this right now I
know I've got more than a few please put
that down below what happens you got
brain drain now I asked a surgeon this
myself if there was any brain drain that
he felt that that was the case he didn't
seem to think so okay maybe in his
industry but in general what I've seen
is that people would say you know what
what's the point of this if you're a
general practitioner in Canada I mean
you're getting you're you're not doing
well okay at least what you thought and
uh so they have to come up with other
ideas um but what's going on here is a
matter of fact that they will leave
people will leave if you're not going to
incentivize them people will leave what
happened just recently capital gains
inclusion tax increased in Canada okay
and doctors that are in Incorporated to
to protect them maybe it could you could
say it's for taxation purposes it's
really not it's actually for liability a
lot of it is liability purposes and
what's Happening Here is they said okay
you're you're a
corporation well now you got to pay up
to 2/3 depending how much you make and
there's a there's a you know the scale
and so on but you're going to be paying
you know on some of that income you're
going to be two-thirds of it capital
gains tax it is not u a a good thing
what we're seeing of course people are
leaving and look it's not just Canada
it's not just the US I am moving that is
it Tycoon speaks out about the end of
the non-dom tax status okay so this guy
here I believe he's
multi-millionaire um and just saying
look I haven't lived here full-time in
all these years and now you want to T I
built businesses
overseas like like I have lived overseas
the vast majority of the time I've built
those business entirely overseas but the
country that you know my country
citizenship is is saying basically okay
well you're in a different country you
got to get taxed is that the way that
works I mean some countries do that not
many but uh that is going to create an
exodus don't do it okay don't do do that
kind of stuff I can understand you're
saying hey if you're working you're
using the services of that
country but in this case here come on
you're you're going to regret it because
the quality of the of the people of the
workers the doctors the all the
entrepreneurs the engineers they're
going to say I'm gone I'm
gone Europe's East will soon overtake
Club Med for living standards look at
this Eastern Europe to catch up with
clubm by
2029 come on Italy's GDP per capita look
slovania in went beyond that Poland is
going beyond that this is not a good
sign for what's happened over the last
several
years we've have to start waking up the
the decisions that are being made are
making things worse not for everybody
though New York Panic Room boom from
installing electrified door knobs to
ballistics grade walk-in closets the
city's Ultra Rich are feeling Ultra
paranoid so they know what's going on
they know what's up and they're getting
prepped they're getting the bunkers and
apparently installing electrified door
knobs it got me thinking of like home
alone kind of but it's happening and
then just America's appetite for MC
Mansions is devouring modern
architecture they give you a couple
examples here but the point is that some
people are doing very well very well and
then there's everybody else so what we
see here and what we can do about this
because yes we see that okay inflation
is taking hold for me for what I tried
to do it was very clear that it is not
wise to have your income in one place
you've got to start to learn how to make
your income in multiple places that's
the best possible thing that you can do
with your time and energy there's no
question about this you have to do that
now you say look I'm working a 9 to5 job
I come home I'm beat I don't want to
have to do something else well you
obviously believe that in 10 years in 20
years from now everything is status
quo is it or is it going to be worse
what do you think well don't you think
that a little bit of tough love right
now is
probably what what you got to deal with
so that in 10 years from now you're not
in a worse position than you are today
you've got to do something you have
skills today that you could be using in
order to maximize your circumstances
over the you know because it compounds
right well if you're making something
today hopefully you can compound that
over a period of time but if you have
very little you can't save you can't
invest you have to do things today that
you didn't think you would have to do
before you're saying hey I got a good
job I got a good salary there's a good
career there's a good things have
changed just over the Last 5 Years
things have really changed and according
to the
RCMP the next 5 years are going to be a
lot worse so we have to do it we can
I've got playlists on my channel I've
got how to make money I've got multiple
actually couple in there just about how
to make money I've got compus it's a
totally free financial education course
for people to go through on my website
totally free no paywell no email no
nothing you've got to learn how to make
money online I talk about that on the
Sunday business live that's important as
well you got to learn how to potentially
be a better investor easier said than
done I know but that's one thing as well
if you want more information there's a
link at the top of the description if
you appreciate be uh me talking about
this stuff trying to bring you the
latest and greatest hit that thumbs up
button when you do you're supporting the
channel and of course of course
don't forget to come back tomorrow take
care